feat: add a new action to validate contribution to the bonita documentation content (#115)
bonitasoft/actions: README.md

- [list-branches](packages/list-branches): list and return branches in JSON filtered by input regex.
- [notify-slack](packages/notify-slack): send a Slack message.

> - [pr-diff-checker](packages/pr-diff-checker): check the diff in a PR, and fail if one or more of the set criteria isn't met (deprecated, use `pr-files-checker` instead).
> - [pr-files-checker](packages/pr-files-checker): check the diff in a PR, and fail if one or more of the set criteria isn't met.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** 
Update after the action rename

```suggestion
- [pr-antora-content-guidelines-checker](packages/pr-antora-content-guidelines-checker): to check contributions done to the AsciiDoc content of a repository used to produced documentation generated with Antora. Check the diff of a Pull Request, and fail if one or more of the set criteria isn't met.
- [pr-diff-checker](packages/pr-diff-checker): check the diff in a PR, and fail if one or more of the set criteria isn't met (deprecated, use `pr-antora-content-guidelines-checke` instead).
```
